You don't have to mention Shangguan Hong to me anymore
Miss, you can't be impulsive
Can't let others take advantage of it?
The kind of man who can take advantage of the situation
What do I want him to do?
Huang Ling
Shangguan Heng will come over in the future
I can't see anything
Got it, miss.
Miss, someone has come to see you
The one who said not to borrow is not King She Zheng
It's a little girl.
She also gave me your purse
Said there was a key begging
Is it a skinny little girl in her teens?
Take me there
sister sister
Please help me
Stand up and say what's wrong
The army came yesterday and last night
The king finally fainted
Everyone wants to send me and him out
They were all taken away.